**STATUTES LLM (Brief writeup about the uploaded files)**

*Directory Path: Statute Prediction > LLM > Datasets*

Main Dataset: `QA_dataset_all.zip` can be accessed [here](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1V21Lq_0Da6LXwIMKdPC4Nt2sRzG0Mf-i/view?usp=sharing)

`245cases.csv`

Includes all the Actual statutes and the predicted statutes generated by text-davinci-003 for 245
Fact Statements.

---
`13_Cases_Gender and Bias Prediction_with explanations.csv`

Contains the Fact id of gender and religion bias cases , corresponding Fact Statement. Actual
and predicted statutes for each of the fact statements . The predicted explanations for each of
the predicted statutes generated by the model.

---
`statute_pred_45_cases_with_exp.csv`

Contains the Actual Statutes , Predicted Statutes , Predicted Explanations and Actual
Explanation annotated by a legal expert. The columns marked as predicted are generated by
the model . The explanation for each of the different statutes is in respective columns .e.g.
Predicted Constitution_226 column contains all the explanations generated by the model if
predicted for a Fact Statement and the Constitution_226 column contains the actual
explanations.

---
`statute_pred_45_cases_without_exp.csv`

Contains the query used in the prompt, the annotated query includes the query marked with the
words or lines from the query due to which a statute is applicable denoted between e.g. $S6 . . 
. S6$. The Actual statute contains the actual statutes applicable and the predicted statute
contains the statutes predicted by the model text-davinci-003.

---
`statute_pred_100_cases_without_exp-gen_religion_bias.csv`

The fact id column contains the fact id of cases which are either religion or gender based. The
actual and predicted statutes by the model on these cases are mentioned respectively. Relevant
statutes contain statutes from the actual statutes which were included in the prompt for a few
shot setup .

---
`statute_pred_100_cases_without_exp.csv`

Index contains the Fact id of the statement. Statement includes the Fact statement
corresponding to the Fact Id. Actual and predicted statute contains the actual statutes
applicable and those generated by the model respectively.

---
`query.csv` , `Gender and Religion Bias cases.csv`

Contains the initial dataset formed through various preprocessing to be used with ALL
CODE.ipynb to load the dataset for uses.

---


*Directory Path: Statute Prediction > LLM > Codes*


`ALL TASK CODE.ipynb`

Contains all the code through which different task results were generated , the notebook is
divided into sections for different tasks. Please add OpenAI API key and Hugging face api token
before running. It contains various prompts and pre-processing steps for the attached csv file
used . The sections are explanatory with their names.

---
`ALL TASK CODE.py`
The py format for the notebook
